Artificial Intelligence (AI) is a broad field that encompasses the development of systems capable of performing tasks that typically require human intelligence. This includes reasoning, problem-solving, perception. 
Machine Learning (ML) has emerged as a prominent approach. ML focuses on the idea that systems can learn from data, identifying patterns and making decisions with minimal human intervention.
Deep Learning (DL), a specialized subset of machine learning that involves neural networks with many layers. These deep neural networks are particularly effective for complex tasks such as image and speech recognition.

The tower is 324 metres (1,063 ft) tall, about the same height as an 81-storey building, and the tallest structure in Paris.
Its base is square, measuring 125 metres (410 ft) on each side. During its construction, the Eiffel Tower surpassed the Washington Monument to become the tallest man-made structure in the world,
a title it held for 41 years until the Chrysler Building in New York City was finished in 1930.
It was the first structure to reach a height of 300 metres. Due to the addition of a broadcasting aerial at the top of the tower in 1957, it is now taller than the Chrysler Building by 5.2 metres (17 ft).
Excluding transmitters, the Eiffel Tower is the second tallest free-standing structure in France after the Millau Viaduct.

Kate looked at Paul disapprovingly: You use too much salt on your food, Paul — it’s not good for you!” Paul put down his knife and frowned:”
Why on earth not! If you didn’t have salt on your food it would taste awful… like eating cardboard or sand… just imagine bread without salt in it,
or potatoes or pasta cooked without salt!” Kate was patient. She didn’t want to quarrel with Paul. She wanted to persuade him. She said firmly:”But too much salt is bad for you.
It cause high blood pressure and latter on, heart-attacks. It also disguises the taste of food, the real tastes which are much more subtle than salt, and which we have lost the sensitivity to appreciate any more.”

Often no larger than a few tennis courts and located within neighbourhoods close to where people live, these green spaces can strengthen community bonds.
They provide a place to meet neighbours, or a play area for children. Green gyms or ball game areas can give local people a space to exercise in, improving public health outcomes.
Many large urban parks are situated far from where people live, meaning they are a destination for planned visits rather than everyday life. For example, only 14% of the population of Los Angeles have a park within walking distance.
Also, the distribution of such parks is often relatively unequal.

How many languages do you speak? For most people, it can be hard learning just one foreign language. Lydia Machova, a Slovakian polyglot and language mentor, is currently fluent in seven foreign languages and says she likes to learn a new language every two years!
So how do polyglots like Lydia learn multiple languages successfully, and what can we learn from their methods?
She was a Hungarian who spoke 16 languages! Her approach to learning focussed on extensive reading and self-study.